--- (means start of Yaml file)
- name: Install Nginx on Pathnex server  #This is the name of Play in the playbook
  hosts: all #Run this paly on all the servers defined in our Ansible inventory.
  become: yes #Run all commands using sudo (root privileges) 


  tasks: # This section caontains action that ansible will perform.
    - name: Install nginx # This is the name of the task.
      yum: # Yum is a module or package manager that ansible will use it.
        name: nginx # Its a name of the pacakge that we want to install.
        state: present # It states package must be installed,if not installed,install it.


  ## 🔹 Terraform Task — Create EC2 (c5.xlarge)

provider "aws" {           #It tells terraform to use AWS cloud service
  region = "us-east-1"     #It tells terraform to deploy the resources in the us-east-1 regoin which is available in cloud.
}

resource "aws_instance" "PathnexEC2" {  #means terraform will create an EC2 instnace of PathnexEC2 (this is the name inside the terraform)
  ami           = "ami-0abcd1234abcd1234" # Ec2 instance is getting operating system and image congiguration.
  instance_type = "c5.xlarge" # Specifying the hardware of Ec2 instance

  tags = {  # mapping of metadata
    Name = "Pathnex-EC2" # Our Ec2 inatance will be Created in AWS with the name of Pathnex-EC2.
  }
}


## 🔹 Kubernetes Task — Create Nginx Pod

apiVersion: v1 # It tells to the k8 which version this file is goin to use v1 is the version of K8 Api
kind: Pod # it tells to the k8 i want to create a pod.
metadata: # means data about the object we are creating.
  name: pathnex-pod # It indicates name of the pod.
spec:        # This section tells what is inside the pod.
  containers:   # it tells container will run inside the pod.
    - name: web   # This is the name of the container.
      image: nginx:latest  # Pull the latest image from docker that k8 will use.
      ports:   # ports inside the container it tells to the kubernetes that contsiner will be exposed on port 80.
        - containerPort: 80


## 🔹 Shell Script — Print Date & Hostname

#!/bin/bash    #It is called Shebang,tells the system to run script using the bash shell.
echo "Date: $(date)"  #Echo -- Print the text over the screen.
echo "Hostname: $(hostname)" #$() Run command inside and insert ouput.




# Git Integration
## 🔹 Jenkins Pipeline — Checkout Git
You will learn how to **checkout a Git repository** and list files on groovy language

pipeline {      # it define the start of jenkins pipeline.
    agent any   # it tells that jenkins can run this pipeline on any available agents.
    stages {     # Collection of different steps or Stage tell the actions .
        stage('Checkout') { # Checkout is the name of the stage.
            steps {
                git branch: 'main', url: 'https://github.com/Pathnex/sample-java-app.git' #Connect to github repository and pull the main branch 
            }
        }
        stage('List Files') {
            steps {
                sh 'ls -la'   # Run a shell command to list the content.
            }
        }
    }
}



## 🔹 GitLab CI — Checkout Git
You will learn how to **checkout a Git repository in GitLab CI in Yaml.

stages:  # define all stages our pipeline will execute in order.
  - checkout  #  Name of the stage name can be (build, test, deploy)

git-checkout: # This is a job name that gitlab will run in a stage.
  stage: checkout  # It will tell which stage this job belong to ( checkout, build, test, deploy)
  script:  # Contains shell commands that GitLab  will execute.
    - git clone https://github.com/Pathnex/sample-java-app.git  # it means clone the sample-java-app repo from GitHub.
    - cd sample-java-app
    - ls -la      